# text2tex
This app is a parser that takes in text generated by NotebookLM, either in a `.txt` file or directly pasted into the interface, and converts it into a LaTeX pdf or just a `.tex` file.

The primary motivation for this project is to have pdf documents of AI outputs that are too long to read in one sitting, and I want them easily accessible when offline, and not on google docs.
My experience with online converters is that they compile quite badly when math is involved, and for some, cannot distinguish non-LaTeX compatible characters for some reason, and also I wanted an offline solution.

So I decided over the weekend to vibe-code the current iteration of this project.
At another time from now, I will try to add the ability to also parse OLlama outputs.

### limitations
The reason there isn't a good solution out there already is because it's not easy to distinguish, from text alone, (i) math equations and sentences, (ii) math that is in-line with sentences, and (iii) words that are in equations.

I do not have a working solution for (iii), however text2tex works well enough for (i) and (ii), which covers most use cases well enough.

The python code should generally remove all characters that do not parse. However, on occasion, LaTeX will return a compilation error, but compile the file as intended.
It may be that I left out some unicode characters in the code, in that case that character can just be added in Math Primers in settings.

In the case a two letter word is accidentally parsed as 'i_p', just add that to Anchor Words in settings (e.g; ip).

### Format of Text

First line is the title of the document.

1.0 A Section

\- a list

1. an enumeration

1.1 A Subsection

a table [tab] uses tabs to separate columns

a[tab]b

c[tab]d